There the aiea lera hayashi here and today is day
the first video here of the channel line of
background must have seen my
main channel the video talking about
this new channel my new project right
my secondary channel and as I explained
on the video that is on the main channel
game channel
this channel here will be focused
exclusively in certain football is not
about fifa about the fifa match is that it's a
soccer videogame game is not about
That is you will see that in some
videos like this for example the people
will have background but fifa gameplay
certain symbolism to illustrate not
stay only my voice
while you also did not buy currency in
field that I intend to acquire soon
suddenly I might change the format of the
channel for blog but every once in a while
You see, it was fifa game.
to the bottom right like I said I want
talk about football real football then
If you follow me on twitter, you
It's on instagram, I do not know.
you must have realized that I like
so much on my channel
main of games is I always brought
some soccer videos I've done video
for example to comment the draw for
world cup draw the draw of the
round of the champions league is
when he had the World Cup final between
chelsea corinthians I made a video
also to comment before the game
finally this should already have
perceived and noticed that I quite like
mainly football
International
and when I posted soccer videos on the
main channel is never the one that
She saw that I imagined and did not want
will give more saw but simply I
I think I 've created a separate couple just
for me to be able to talk about it a channel
that I'm sure that whoever
subscribe here to see content about the
football looks better and they managed to
better distribute and bring content
more interesting that I have
series ideas that I'm going to bring to
this channel that I could not bring
to the other channel because taking a
little the channel's focus know then I'll
do everything here in this channel the name of the
channel is bottom line as you
could see then I thought that with the name
a nice guy
the design of the canal was even made
by victor rigoni of part company
sure he did along the canal and rule
what we want today
using here right I do not know if I will keep
but at least for now I 'm going
continue to use it over there and the logo
I really liked it, it was also made by him.
I will leave here in the description the
information for those who want to take a
conferred on his work, and finally
what will have on the frequency channel of
life let's start talking about it
my main channel games channel you
know that I have a frequency of one
video a day more or less here will not
So here is the video frequency will
be much smaller
not being how much but I believe
two or three videos per week
right as the channel grew and
All of a sudden it worked out, I can
start to expand this a bit
professionalize a little more but the
principle the channel is nothing more than a
channel is secondary even where I go
pass the same opinion on some topic
that interests me about soccer knows
can be a controversial subject can be a
champions league draw and also the
world cup this year has the
and it is very likely that in the
world cup has a frequency of
videos greater certain but the frequency
will not be very large and already
has series projects for the channel
also a series that I'm sure
that I'm going to do a series of top 10
things about football is for example the
top 10 of the highest paid players in the
world knows type top 10 is downloads
most expensive in the world knows top 10 in
General football has only two examples
here but will have several top 10 if you guys
suggestions even you can
leave the comments and but it 's a series
I intend to be weekly right
another idea that I had in mind
creation of a podcast a podcast already for
discuss matters with other people
controversial about football is this is a
a little more project that requires a little
more calm a little more than of
working out right and I would need to
two more people to comment
with me one of them i think i already have
I would have to pack up yet another
person is let's see if it was
uncoiling I see I can
bring is and no more expensive has no
so another planned venue is
simply a soccer channel for me
in my opinion and discuss with you I
I really like talking about soccer, do not you?
I know that there are many who accompany me and
Like it too so I guess it will not be
the ideal place for people is able
discussing this is about approaches
I'm going to approach the national football
international football
the guy is going to have both teams go
make it clear that it will be much more
international soccer football
national if you also accompany me
The video you know that I accompany a lot
more international football than
national football for a few years now.
I've been doing this, national soccer is me.
disappoints in many ways the
a series of factors that make the
national soccer for me is not so
attractive as international football
This can suddenly become a subject.
for a video for a podcast who knows
in the future but will have both know
When you have a nice subject for the ball.
to approach national football, I'm going
approach but the vast majority will be
focused I believe in international football
right including a video that was me
asking a lot in the text on Twitter
I am and do what it is about the
quarterfinals of champions league will
going out on this channel will most likely
be the first video channel after
this is not the channel's second video
should come out very soon be connected
the right and i do not think so but that's okay
this video that presentation shadow
to give you a parameter of how
is it going to work that bottom line
ok for now it's just me for now
no, it's not focused on type blog by
encounter you should see some gameplay
fifa at the bottom but as time went on
passing the channel was growing
suddenly I can not professionalize
better devote myself a little more this
right channel is just one channel
secondary that I do for hobby by
like to talk about football and power
serve on the knee to separate slightly
things on my right game channel
so that's it if you liked this
video is watching and interested
by design do not forget to sign up
on the channel click the subscribe button
so you do not miss the next videos
Video should be out tomorrow, maybe tomorrow.
Monday're so connected there is
Many thanks to whoever saw the
video so far many thanks to everyone
that has been supporting the project since
when I announced on twitter a while ago
back in instagram too and hopefully
be all right and also has the support
in the videos with the laity in the
disclosure and everything else then I go
staying here if you liked I left the
his favorite laxism is inscribed in the
channel and more is that then with hugs
Everyone is going to expand this a bit
professionalize a little more but the
principle the channel is nothing more than a
channel